feat: :sparkles: iteration chapter with description of it (#31)
seedcase-project/guidebook: iterations/index.qmd

towards, and milestones needed to get to that final goal. This is
usually the team lead, and so for the rest of the iteration
documentation, we refer to this person as the "team lead".

As the team lead, you should (ideally) have a general plan or goal for
what you and the team will do in the next two or three iterations. You
will also:

-   Create an iteration within the main iteration planning board board
    (for the Seedcase Project, they are all listed
    [here](https://github.com/orgs/seedcase-project/projects/)). You
    create an iteration by going into the project board's settings.
-   Write the title of the iteration as the goal for it, while keeping
    the goal focused, small, achievable, and considerate of the time the
    team has available for that iteration. Ideally, you should write a
    sub-aim for each person in the team for that iteration.
-   Add tasks to the board that are needed to achieve the iteration
    goal.

Having one iteration be one calender month makes things a bit easy to
plan and organise thing things. That way, a year can be divided into 12
iterations, and you can more easily use that to plan the work and goals

> for the year. It also makes each iteration about 4 weeks, which is a
> good amount of time to be flexible while also having enough time to
> achieve a meaningful goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the year. It also makes each iteration about 4 weeks, which is generally a
good amount of time to be flexible while also having enough time to
achieve a meaningful aim. Depending on your project, shorter iterations of 3 weeks might also be appropriate, but we generally don’t recommend going beyond 4 weeks, since the team might lose focus on the aim and it becomes harder to maintain a clear sense of progress.
```

> It also makes it easier to schedule the iteration's start meeting for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having an iteration last one calendar month also makes it easier to schedule the iteration's start meeting for
```

planning at the beginning of the month and the iteration's end meeting
for debriefing and doing the

> [retrospective](https://www.scrum.org/resources/what-is-a-sprint-retrospective)

Reviewer: Could also link to the guidebooks descriptions of the start and end of iteration meetings here instead?

at the end of the month. That way, the team can always assume and
schedule those dates as meeting dates. You as the team lead should
schedule these meetings well in advance and confirm that as many of the
team can attend as possible. The scheduled meeting should be put in a

> calendar that everyone on the team can access or see.

Reviewer: Might be too specific, but we could describe our use of the team-up calendar in the guidebook as well + link to that here?
